I even thought this silly boy was dead
Wang Zihan, how much do you plan to spend to collect the vault?
Don't worry.
I want to see if this silly boy can make a comeback
It's impossible.
How skilled is his taekwondo?
You can't break the golden bell.
How could this be in the air?
How did he manage to escape?
I told you a miracle would happen
Li Hu has already stepped on the air
How did he manage it?
Why did this fool close his eyes?
He snores.
You can avoid Li Hu's decoration with your eyes closed
How is that possible?
What a great body
It's just how I feel about his moves
Seems to have seen it somewhere
Miss has seen this amazing move
Which dance is it? Everyone's housekeeping skills
It's not a very classic movie
This trick is called
Persuade Arhat Boxing